Documentation/docs/GettingStarted.md, before:

# Getting started
On this wiki you will find all needed documentation to get started with PowerDeComposer.

[//]: #(test met comment)

## How to get PowerDeComposer
PowerDeComposer is available as a [standalone download](https://dev.azure.com/x-breeze/PowerDeComposer_Public/_git/PowerDeComposer_Public?path=%2FRun) or via [Maven](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/x-breeze/powerdecomposer/PowerDeComposer/). You can either download the latest standalone jar or create a Maven pom.xml file to let the Maven utility download and execute the latest jar.

## How to use PowerDeComposer standalone
In order to use PowerDeComposer you need to call the utility using the command line.

### Decompose a model
The decompose command consist of the following parts:

``` xml
decompose <ModelFileLocation> <TargetFolderLocation> [<ConfigFileLocation>]
```

#### Parameters
| Config element           | Required | Description |
|:---                      |:---      |:---         |
| ModelFileLocation        | Yes      | The file location of the model to decompose. |
| TargetFolderLocation     | Yes      | The folder location to write the decomposed model to. |
| ConfigFileLocation       | No       | The file location of the configuration file. See [Configuration](Configuration.md). |

#### Example

Example command line call to decompose a PowerDesigner model file into a decomposed model:
``` xml
java -jar XmlDeComposer.jar decompose "C:\Path\To\ExamplePowerDesignerModelFile.ldm" "C:\Path\To\Decomposed\Output"
```

### Compose a model
The compose command consist of the following parts:

``` xml
compose <ModelFileLocation> <TargetFileLocation> [<ConfigFileLocation>]
```

#### Parameters
| Config element           | Required | Description |
|:---                      |:---      |:---         |
| ModelFileLocation        | Yes      | The file location of the model to compose. |
| TargetFileLocation       | Yes      | The file location to write the composed model to. |
| ConfigFileLocation       | No       | The file location of the configuration file. See [Configuration](Configuration.md). |

#### Example
Example command line call to compose a PowerDesigner model file based on the decomposed model:

``` xml
java -jar XmlDeComposer.jar compose "C:\Path\To\Decomposed\Output\DecomposedModelFile.ldm" "C:\Path\To\ExamplePowerDesignerModelFile.ldm"
```

## How to use PowerDeComposer with Maven
Maven is a build tool that can be used for automating different tasks in a build process. Maven can also be used to obtain and run a specific version of PowerDeComposer. For this you need to have [Maven installed](http://maven.apache.org/download.cgi).

For running PowerDeComposer with maven see the example pom.xml and command files [here](https://dev.azure.com/x-breeze/PowerDeComposer_Public/_git/PowerDeComposer_Public?path=%2FRunWithMaven)

Please note that you can only run PowerDeComposer versions from 1.1.0 and up via this route.

## Bugs & issues
When you encounter an issue while using PowerDeComposer please report it by sending an e-mail to [info@x-breeze.com](mailto:info@x-breeze.com?SUBJECT=PowerDeComposer%20-%20Bug%20report) with the subject 'PowerDeComposer - Bug report'.

Please provide the following information:

- Steps to reproduce
- Expected behaviour
- PowerDeComposer version used

Commit message:

Moved v1.3.4 release notes into v1.4.0 (since 1.3.4 was never released). Updated v1.4.0 release notes to include PowerShell module. Added PowerShell module to GettingStarted so most users will directly start using this module to get a kick-start. Moved kick-start section for PowerShell to the top.

Documentation/docs/GettingStarted.md, after:

# Getting started
On this wiki you will find all needed documentation to get started with PowerDeComposer.

[//]: #(test met comment)

## How to get PowerDeComposer

PowerDeComposer is available as a [standalone download](https://dev.azure.com/x-breeze/PowerDeComposer_Public/_git/PowerDeComposer_Public?path=%2FRun) or via [Maven](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/x-breeze/powerdecomposer/PowerDeComposer/). You can either download the latest standalone jar or create a Maven pom.xml file to let the Maven utility download and execute the latest jar.


## PowerShell module

To simplify the usage of PowerDeComposer and give users a kick-start a PowerShell module with scripts and sample configurations are created. The module and quick-start guide can be found [here](https://dev.azure.com/x-breeze/PowerDeComposer_Public/_git/PowerDeComposer_Public?path=/PowerShell).


## How to use PowerDeComposer standalone
In order to use PowerDeComposer you need to call the utility using the command line.

### Decompose a model
The decompose command consist of the following parts:

``` xml
decompose <ModelFileLocation> <TargetFolderLocation> [<ConfigFileLocation>]
```

#### Parameters
| Config element           | Required | Description |
|:---                      |:---      |:---         |
| ModelFileLocation        | Yes      | The file location of the model to decompose. |
| TargetFolderLocation     | Yes      | The folder location to write the decomposed model to. |
| ConfigFileLocation       | No       | The file location of the configuration file. See [Configuration](Configuration.md). |

#### Example

Example command line call to decompose a PowerDesigner model file into a decomposed model:
``` xml
java -jar XmlDeComposer.jar decompose "C:\Path\To\ExamplePowerDesignerModelFile.ldm" "C:\Path\To\Decomposed\Output"
```

### Compose a model
The compose command consist of the following parts:

``` xml
compose <ModelFileLocation> <TargetFileLocation> [<ConfigFileLocation>]
```

#### Parameters
| Config element           | Required | Description |
|:---                      |:---      |:---         |
| ModelFileLocation        | Yes      | The file location of the model to compose. |
| TargetFileLocation       | Yes      | The file location to write the composed model to. |
| ConfigFileLocation       | No       | The file location of the configuration file. See [Configuration](Configuration.md). |

#### Example
Example command line call to compose a PowerDesigner model file based on the decomposed model:

``` xml
java -jar XmlDeComposer.jar compose "C:\Path\To\Decomposed\Output\DecomposedModelFile.ldm" "C:\Path\To\ExamplePowerDesignerModelFile.ldm"
```

## How to use PowerDeComposer with Maven

Maven is a build tool that can be used for automating different tasks in a build process. Maven can also be used to obtain and run a specific version of PowerDeComposer. For this you need to have [Maven installed](http://maven.apache.org/download.cgi).

For running PowerDeComposer with maven see the example pom.xml and command files [here](https://dev.azure.com/x-breeze/PowerDeComposer_Public/_git/PowerDeComposer_Public?path=%2FRunWithMaven)

Please note that you can only run PowerDeComposer versions from 1.1.0 and up via this route.

## Bugs & issues
When you encounter an issue while using PowerDeComposer please report it by sending an e-mail to [info@x-breeze.com](mailto:info@x-breeze.com?SUBJECT=PowerDeComposer%20-%20Bug%20report) with the subject 'PowerDeComposer - Bug report'.

Please provide the following information:

- Steps to reproduce
- Expected behaviour
- PowerDeComposer version used
